Update cronjob part in README.md (#404)
nextcloud/helm: charts/nextcloud/README.md

## Cronjob

> This chart can utilize Kubernetes `CronJob` resource to execute [background tasks](https://docs.nextcloud.com/server/latest/admin_manual/configuration_server/background_jobs_configuration.html). Background jobs are important for tasks that do not necessirly need user intevention but still need to be executed frequently (cleaning up, sending some notifications, etc.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This chart can utilize Kubernetes `CronJob` resource to execute [background tasks](https://docs.nextcloud.com/server/latest/admin_manual/configuration_server/background_jobs_configuration.html). Background jobs are important for tasks that do not necessarily need user intervention but still need to be executed frequently (cleaning up, sending some notifications, etc.).
```

To use this functionality, set `cronjob.enabled` parameter to `true` and make sure the background jobs mode in your nextcloud basic settings is set to ***Cron***.

> Enabling the cronjob in this helm chart will create an addintioal container of Nextcloud image that has a preconfigured *crond* entry, which will automatically take the responsibility of executing the cron.php script (part of Nextcloud), and consequently do the background tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabling the cronjob in this helm chart will create an additional container of Nextcloud image that has a preconfigured *crond* entry, which will automatically take the responsibility of executing the Nextcloud cron.php script , and consequently do the background tasks.
```

Author: Sorry I made that comment quickly. Thanks for correcting it :)

Reviewer: Typos are still there?
